Now it's time to flex your critical evaluation skills. Read the following descriptions of an 
experiment and its analysis, identify the flaws in each, and describe what you would do to correct them.


1) The Sith Lords are concerned that their recruiting slogan, "Give In to Your Anger," 
isn't very effective. Darth Vader develops an alternative slogan, "Together We Can
Rule the Galaxy." They compare the slogans on two groups of 50 captured droids each. 
In one group, Emperor Palpatine delivers the "Anger" slogan. In the other, Darth 
Vader presents the "Together" slogan. 20 droids convert to the Dark Side after hearing 
Palpatine's slogan, while only 5 droids convert after hearing Vader's. The Sith's 
data scientist concludes that "Anger" is a more effective slogan and should 
continue to be used.

In this scenario, we are looking at 2 groups of 50 droids for a total of 100 droids.
1 person ended up converting 20 droids to the darkside while the other person 
converted 5 droids. The flaw is that they concluded the 1st person who converted
20 droids has a more effective slogan before going through the entire 100 droids.
I'd go through the entire 100 droids before concluding.




2) In the past, the Jedi have had difficulty with public relations. They send two 
envoys, Jar Jar Binks and Mace Windu, to four friendly and four unfriendly planets 
respectively, with the goal of promoting favorable feelings toward the Jedi. Upon 
their return, the envoys learn that Jar Jar was much more effective than Windu: 
Over 75% of the people surveyed said their attitudes had become more favorable 
after speaking with Jar Jar, while only 65% said their attitudes had become more 
favorable after speaking with Windu. This makes Windu angry, because he is sure 
that he had a better success rate than Jar Jar on every planet. The Jedi choose 
Jar Jar to be their representative in the future.

The flaw in this scenario is the four unfriendly planet's rate. People who are un-
friendly, often don't care about surveys, meaning the outcome of favors 
should come out random. On the other hand, you have four friendly planets that should 
give around 50% of favors. I'd only survey the friendly planets. 




3) A company with work sites in five different countries has sent you data on employee 
satisfaction rates for workers in Human Resources and workers in Information Technology. 
Most HR workers are concentrated in three of the countries, while IT workers are equally 
distributed across worksites. The company requests a report on satisfaction for each job 
type. You calculate average job satisfaction for HR and for IT and present the report.

The flaw in this scenario is the distribution of Human resources between the five
different countries. I'm sure all five countries equally need human resources. We
don't have an equal amount of HR and IT in each country.
